(CNN) -- Behind the state banquet and smiles from Queen Elizabeth and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia's visit to London this week caused a wave of dissent. The UK political elite boycotted events. Demonstrators lined the Mall. The UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi counterpart to be with his new adopted son. And just days before he arrived, the Saudi King accused British officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in London on July 2005. Whether the politics of the event were a success is open to debate. But this was just part of the story. The Saudis were also in town to cement a strong trading and business relationship that has developed between the two Kingdoms over the last 20 years. Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East. And behind the USA, the UK is the second largest foreign investor in the Kingdom. UK Trade & Investment has designated Saudi Arabia one of its 17 "High Growth Markets" along with UAE and Qatar in the region. As the nation diversifies its economy away from oil, commercial opportunities for UK thrive in a variety of sectors. Saudi Arabia is currently planning six privately-developed economic cities. The $26.6 billion King Abdullah Economic City -- the largest of these -- will create one million jobs and home to two million residents. The aim, says the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority, is to boost the economy by creating a pro-business environment, and attracting investors and fostering investment opportunities. The UK has, since the early 1990s, been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia, behind USA, Germany, China and Japan. In 2007, Saudi Arabian bank SABB predicts that UK exports to the Kingdom will increase by more than 5.5 per cent to reach $2.8 billion. While the balance of trade continues to be favor of the British, Saudi Arabia's exports to Britain are also gaining ground and closing the trade gap. This year, exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high of $2.1 billion, says SABB. And this isn't all about oil. In the 1980s, three quarters of Saudi exports to the UK were from oil, but today the non-oil sector accounts for 59 percent of exports. Products being shipped to the UK include machinery, transport equipment, plastics, non-metallic minerals and, despite the UK's dominance in the sector, chemicals. According to SABB, there are also more than 150 Saudi-British joint ventures underway with a value of around $15 billion. As John Sfakianakis, chief economist from SABB says, state visits such as this are important for bolstering trade talks, past and future. "The biggest deal that will mark their relationship in trade is the purchase of 72 Eurofighter Typhoon Jets that was sealed last week," says Sfakianakis. The contract between the Kingdom and the UK Ministry of Defence via BAE is worth over almost $10 billion for the aircraft alone and a further $19 billion for the deployment, maintenance and training. This comes less than a year after the UK government decided to call off a Serious Fraud Office investigation into defense contracts with Saudi Arabia. This probe related to the sale of weapons by BAE Systems to Saudi Arabia in the 1980s. BAE has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and making payments to Saudi royals to win business. But as Sfakianakis points out, any political sensitivity surrounding the visit is unlikely to harm future trading relationships between the nations. "The relationship is far deeper than that," he says. "Saudi Arabia's economy is booming and the opportunities businessmen see here are immense. Everything else takes a subsidiary part in that." E-mail to a friend .

Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East .
Britain is also the second largest foreign investor in the Kingdom .
The UK has been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia since the 1990s .
Exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high in the non-oil sector .

(CNN) -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area, the U.N. refugee agency said. Refugees move along a road Tuesday in Mugunga, near Goma, in the Democratic Republic of Congo. A press release from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it didn't appear rebels had targeted the camps, but it reported some were looted after camp residents, classified as internally displaced persons, fled. Roads to Goma, about 10 miles from the camps, were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting, the UNHCR reported. Torrential rain made the movement even more difficult. "The main road toward Sake was crowded with people; we had difficulties getting through," UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo was quoted as saying in the agency's release. "Internally displaced people are moving from site to site, direction Goma." UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said, "They have been living in extremely difficult conditions anyway. Now they have nothing but what they can carry." Redmond added, "These are people in poor health; they are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours. They need shelter, they need water, they need a lot of assistance so we're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state." While the Congolese government accused troops under rebel general Laurent Nkunda of staging the attack, a Nkunda spokesman denied the allegation, according to a report from the Integrated Regional Information Networks, a U.N.-affiliated news service. The spokesman, Bwambale Kakolele, said Rwandan Hutu rebels who also operate in the area were behind the attack, that report said. A spokesman for the U.N. military mission in the Congo said it was uncertain which group attacked the Congo army outpost near the village of Kishangazi, according to the U.N.-affiliated news service. "We think it could have been insurgents close to Nkunda who attacked, but we cannot rule out the [Rwandan rebels]," spokesman Col. Pierre Cherayron was quoted as saying. The UNHCR identified the affected camps as Mugunga I, Mugunga II, Lac Vert and Bulengo, saying about 28,000 had abandoned the first three camps and about 2,000 had left Bulengo. The UNHCR said 375,000 Congolese in North Kivu province have been forced from their homes in the past year. In the past two months alone, 160,000 have fled their homes amid the fighting between renegade troops and government forces, the agency said. North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda. Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda, but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts, according to the International Crisis Group, an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts. E-mail to a friend .

NEW: Congo rebels blame Rwandan Hutus for attack, report says .
Internally displaced Congolese flee as rebels attack government troops .
Torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult .
U.N. refugee agency: Some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past year .

ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Genarlow Wilson, freed last week from a Georgia prison, said he's glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors, even if it would have sprung him from prison months earlier. Genarlow Wilson tells CNN on Sunday that he will be more conservative and alert in the future. The 21-year-old, who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation, said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal. He had to think about his 9-year-old sister and having a family of his own one day, he said Sunday. "It might've been lesser time, but then again, I would have nowhere to go because I would have no home," Wilson said during a CNN interview scheduled to air Monday at 8 p.m. "I wouldn't be able to stay with my mother because I have a little sister. You know, when you're a sex offender you can't be around kids. Basically, I can't even have kids myself, you know, so what is the point of life?" he asked. In 2005, a jury found Wilson guilty of aggravated child molestation for having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl at a 2003 New Year's Eve party. Wilson was 17 at the time of the party.  Watch Wilson say why he rejected the plea deal » . The conviction carried a 10-year mandatory prison sentence and a sex offender designation. According to Georgia Attorney General Thurbert Baker, prosecutors in Douglas County, Georgia, offered Wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence, possibly to time served, and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record. Defense attorney B.J. Bernstein said in June that Wilson rejected the deal because he didn't want to plead guilty to a felony with a 15-year sentence. The state Legislature last year amended the law under which Wilson was convicted, making such sexual encounters misdemeanors. However, the Legislature did not make the law retroactive, so it had no effect on Wilson's sentence. Now 21, Wilson was released Friday after the state Supreme Court ruled 4-3 that the young man's sentence "constitutes cruel and unusual punishment." Wilson said Sunday he feels no "negative energy" toward District Attorney David McDade, who fought efforts to have Wilson's sentence reduced. Instead, Wilson said, he is focused on the future and hopes to soon immerse himself in his college studies. He wants to major in sociology, he said, "because I feel like I've been living my major." The new Genarlow Wilson will be more conservative, more alert and more appreciative of the blessings bestowed upon him, he said. "When it seems like you have everything, you know, you feel like you have no worries until it's all gone, and I know what it feels like to be without and I don't want to ever feel like that again," said the former honor student, football star and homecoming king. "I don't ever want to see the inside of a prison or a prison, period." Though he called his sentence "absurd," Wilson said he understands that prosecutors "were doing their job and they felt they were carrying out the law." Wilson also said he knows what he did was foolish. "I was young then. I did some idiotic things in my teen years, but you know, every average teen does," he said. "I don't think any of us made very wise decisions, but I don't think that any of us can go back then and change what happened." E-mail to a friend .

Genarlow Wilson: Accepting plea deal would have left him without a home .
Wilson, 21, promises to be more conservative, alert and thankful in future .
He plans to study sociology in college -- "I feel like I've been living my major"
Wilson served two years in prison after consensual oral sex with teen girl .

WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The confirmation of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was all but assured Friday when two key Democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on "waterboarding" and the president's power to order electronic surveillance. Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California and Charles Schumer of New York announced they would support the retired federal judge from New York just hours after the chairman of the Judiciary Committee announced his opposition to the nominee. Feinstein and Schumer are members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is scheduled to vote on the Mukasey nomination Tuesday. If all the Republican members of the committee also vote for Mukasey, which is expected, his nomination will go before the full Senate. A leading Democrat, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Wednesday Mukasey is likely to be confirmed if his nomination passes the Judiciary Committee. Schumer had praised the nomination of Mukasey as a consensus candidate when the president announced Mukasey as his choice to replace former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. Gonzales gave up the post in September. "This is an extremely difficult decision," Schumer said. "When an administration so political, so out of touch with the realities of governing and so contemptuous of the rule of law is in charge, we are never left with an ideal choice. Judge Mukasey is not my ideal choice. However, Judge Mukasey, whose integrity and independence is respected even by those who oppose him, is far better than anyone could expect from this administration." A number of Democratic senators, however, have said they will oppose Mukasey because of questions about his views on the interrogation technique called "waterboarding" and the president's power to order electronic surveillance. Waterboarding involves restraining a suspect and using water to produce the sensation of drowning. Mukasey told senators this week that he finds waterboarding "repugnant," but he could not answer whether the technique amounts to torture. While saying "serious questions have been raised about Judge Mukasey's views on torture and on separation of powers," Feinstein said she would support the nominee because the Justice Department needed fresh leadership. "First and foremost, Michael Mukasey is not Alberto Gonzales. Rather, he has forged an independent life path as a practitioner of the law and a federal judge in the Southern District of New York. "I believe that Judge Mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments, allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by Congress." Just hours before Feinstein and Schumer announced their decisions, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, announced he would vote against the Mukasey nomination.  Watch Sen. Leahy explain why he can't support the Mukasey nomination » . "No American should need a classified briefing to determine whether waterboarding is torture," Leahy said. "Waterboarding was used at least as long ago as the Spanish Inquisition. We prosecuted Japanese war criminals for waterboarding after World War II. "I am eager to restore strong leadership and independence to the Department of Justice. I like Michael Mukasey. I wish that I could support his nomination. But I cannot. America needs to be certain and confident of the bedrock principle -- deeply embedded in our laws and our values -- that no one, not even the president, is above the law." President Bush demanded the Senate confirm Mukasey during a speech Thursday at the Heritage Foundation, an influential conservative think tank. "In a time of war, it's vital for the president to have a full national security team in place," the president said. The president has equated asking Mukasey about his opinion of waterboarding with asking him about the CIA-run interrogation program, whose details are classified. Bush said the program does not violate U.S. bans on torture, but added that Mukasey "does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by our professional interrogators in the field as placing them in legal jeopardy." But Leahy said "Judge Mukasey was not asked to evaluate any secret 'facts and circumstances.' " "He was asked whether waterboarding is illegal. Our law makes torture illegal, and waterboarding is torture, and it is illegal. It is frankly not dependent on any, quote, 'relevant facts and circumstances of the technique's past or proposed use,' " he said, quoting from Mukasey's response to senators on the question. Sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program have said agents are no longer using waterboarding. But those sources have said waterboarding was used in the interrogation of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, now facing trial before a military tribunal for planning al Qaeda's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. The practice was used by the Spanish Inquisition, Cambodia's Khmer Rouge and the World War II Japanese military, according to Human Rights Watch. It is specifically banned in U.S. law governing the treatment of prisoners by the U.S. military. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Ted Barrett contributed to this report.

NEW: Feinstein, Schumer say they'll vote for attorney general nominee .
Michael Mukasey's nomination now expected to pass Judiciary Committee .
Sen. Patrick Leahy says he will not vote to confirm Michael Mukasey .
Committee scheduled to vote on nomination on Tuesday .

(CNN) -- Nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over Sunday night in southeastern Utah, a highway patrol spokesman said. The seats of the bus that rolled over are exposed to the snow at the crash site in southeastern Utah on Monday. At least 50 people were on the Arrow Stage Lines bus when it crashed on state Highway 163, about five miles north of Mexican Hat, at 7:30 p.m. (9:30 p.m. ET), said Utah Highway Patrol Trooper Cameron Roden. Troopers reported the road was wet but not icy, he said. The bus was traveling south from Telluride, Colorado, to Phoenix, Arizona, when it left the right side of the highway and rolled over, Roden said.  See where the crash occurred » . Police said the bus lost control on a curve, ran off the road and rolled over several times, tumbling 41 feet down an embankment, according to The Associated Press. "When the vehicle was overturning, the roof of the bus split open and multiple occupants of the vehicle were ejected," Roden told the AP.  Watch how the crash left the bus a mangled hulk » . Rescue crews took the injured people to hospitals in Utah, Colorado and Arizona, he said. The Salt Lake Tribune reported that ambulances from Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico responded to the accident, and a helicopter from Colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms. Four of the dead were male and five were female, the Utah Highway Patrol said. Most of the passengers were returning home from a weekend ski trip to Telluride, he said. E-mail to a friend . CNN Radio's Barbara Hall contributed to this report. Copyright 2008 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.

Death toll rises to nine as tour bus runs off highway, rolls over .
Bus was carrying at least 50 people when it crashed in southeastern Utah .
Bus was en route from Telluride, Colorado, to Phoenix, Arizona, after weekend ski trip .

LONDON, England (CNN) -- Banksy is Britain's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars, but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas, while all the time keeping his identity a secret. Banksy's latest piece in East London where a passer-by claims to have taken a photo of the artist. The guerilla artist has been spray painting his stencils around Britain and further afield for over ten years. Last week ten of his original pieces were sold at Bonham's auction house in London for over $1 million, while on the other side of the city Tower Hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets. From his beginnings as a graffiti artist in Bristol, England, Banksy has become the darling of the art world for his subversive and satirical public art. Depicting things such as riot police with smiley acid-house faces and camera-wielding rats, his work is now sold now by major art galleries. Lazarides Gallery in London is one of the main dealers of his work and describes him as "a media star...but popular long before any of this high-profile activity -- simply because the people love his stuff." While he set out to lampoon the establishment, he has now been wholeheartedly embraced by it. Fans include Hollywood A-listers, including Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Christina Aguilera who bought three of his prints in 2006, including one of Queen Victoria sitting on a woman's face. The recent sales of his work put him on a par with Jean-Michel Basquiat as the best-selling street artist. He is feted by art dealers and artists, including Damien Hirst, but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the Tate gallery in London and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. It took the British Museum eight days to discover the "prehistoric" rock painting of a man with a shopping trolley in the British Museum Banksy has hung on a wall. There is often a political message with this work, too. He left an inflatable doll dressed as a Guantanamo prisoner in Disneyland and painted a hole with blue sky on the Palestinian side of the West Bank wall. Despite the huge popularity and exposure of his work, Banksy's identity remains a mystery. As he operates on the fringes of the law with his guerilla art it makes sense, but also adds to his mystique. Some things are know: he's originally from Bristol, is around 30 years old and called Robert or Robin Banks, but it's been reported that even his parents are thought to believe that he makes his living as a painter and decorator. He continues to divide opinion as to whether his work is vandalism or public art. Veteran British art critic Brian Sewell called Banksy, "a complete clown, and what he does has absolutely nothing to do with art." Bristol city council has recognized the popularity and artistic merit of his work by protecting a number of pieces around the city. Other local authorities don't feel the same way. Tower Hamlets and Hackney councils in London have pledged to remove his graffiti from their streets. His latest work painted on a wall in East London -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist's response. But this latest piece may also have revealed what the artist actually looks like. A passer-by took a photo of what is thought to be the artist at work. A spokesperson for Banksy refused to confirm it was him, but did say it was definitely his work.  E-mail to a friend .

British graphic artist's identity remains a mystery despite huge popularity .
Feted by the art world and Hollywood celebrities count among his collectors .
Despite popularity local authorities have removed his public works .

ROME, Italy (CNN) -- The garbage crisis in Naples encompasses the worst Italian clichés, and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula: mismanagement, political interference, mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere. Naples has had problems in finding sites for municipal dumps -- now workers have stopped collecting trash. There is a popular saying here that roughly goes like this: everybody is competent enough (to find a solution) but nobody is responsible (for actually carrying it out). In many parts of the world waste disposal is a business -- and usually it is a good business. Garbage can be transformed into various sources of energy and then sold for a profit. In Naples, garbage is also good business, but in the sense that millions, if not billions, of euros have been wasted -- and nobody really knows how. The problem is as old and ugly as rotten trash. The region's dumps reached full capacity more than a decade ago, and since then a state of emergency has been declared every year. Eight different commissioners have been appointed, but they have all failed to solve the problem. State of emergency means government money: €1.8 billion (more than $2.5 billion) in emergency funds have been devolved to deal with the problem. It is still difficult to find out where or how that money has been spent. Incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished, either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job, or else because magistrates stopped the work, pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement. One Italian newspaper suggested that a good 20% of the money went to pay for the salaries of those in charge of coming up with a solution to the problem. More worrying perhaps, is another suggestion: that the local mafia, known as the Camorra, is taking advantage of the situation. As the crisis has worsened over the years, so the Camorra's profits, estimated now at around €1 billion (roughly $1.45 billion), are alleged to have increased. How does the local mafia make money? The Naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation. Once they receive the money, companies linked to the underworld dispose of the waste either in the open or, ironically, at regular city dumps, even if they are overflowing. The mafia clans have now managed to burrow their way so deeply into the system that every attempt to fix the problem has proved futile. But why are citizens protesting now? Well, the government wants to re-open a previously shut dump to dispose of 3,700 tons of waste which is laying in the streets of Naples and surrounding areas. The problem is that when the site was closed years ago, locals were promised that a golf course would be built there. As a result, many residents invested savings to construct apartments and residences in the vicinity -- in some cases just a few yards away from the site. They are now waking up to a mountain of trash instead of 18 holes. A rotten deal indeed. E-mail to a friend .

Rubbish is piling up on the streets of Naples, with municipal dumps full .
Many commentators question the role of the local mafia in the award of contracts .
More than $2.5B in emergency funds has been spent on the problem over the years .
One dump was going to be a golf course -- residents furious it is being re-opened .

CHEBARKUL, Russia (Reuters) -- President Vladimir Putin said on Friday security threats had forced Russia to revive the Soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders. A Russian strategic bomber flies over an airfield outside Moscow during an air show. Putin said 14 strategic bombers had taken off simultaneously from airfields across Russia in the early hours of Friday on long-range missions. "We have decided to restore flights by Russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis," Putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with China and four Central Asian states in Russia's Ural mountains. "Today, August 17 at 00:00 hours, 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country, along with support and refueling aircraft ... From today such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis. "We hope our partners will treat this with understanding." At U.S. President George W. Bush's Texas ranch, White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said he did not believe the flights posed a threat to the United States. "Militaries around the world engage in a variety of activities, so this is not entirely surprising," he said. But the sorties are likely to add to Western concern about Russia's growing assertiveness. That trend has prompted some U.S. policymakers to draw parallels with the Cold War. Putin caused a stir this year by saying Russian missiles would once again be aimed at targets in Europe if Washington persisted with plans to build a missile defense shield in eastern Europe. Russian diplomats have clashed with the United States and European governments on issues such as Kosovo, energy, and Moscow's treatment of its ex-Soviet neighbors. Western military leaders have said this year that Russian flights near their airspace were becoming more frequent after a long quiet period. One Western defense official called the flights "a little bit of chest-pounding, trying to let people know Russia is back in the game". Putin said that when Russia had cut its flights in 1992, other military powers had not reciprocated. "Flights by other countries' strategic aircraft continue and this creates certain problems for ensuring the security of the Russian Federation," Putin said. That appeared to be a swipe at the U.S. and NATO, whose strategic bombers have continued to fly long-range missions. As Putin spoke to reporters and television cameras, four Russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background while Russian tanks trundled behind him, even though the exercises had ended long before. During the Cold War, Russian long-range bombers, which can carry strategic nuclear weapons, played elaborate games of cat-and-mouse with Western air forces. Earlier this month Russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the Pacific island of Guam, where the U.S. military has a base, and "exchanged smiles" with U.S. pilots scrambled to track them. The Pentagon said the Russian aircraft had not come close enough to U.S. ships to prompt American aircraft to react. In July, two Russian Tu-95 "Bear" bombers made unusually long sorties over the North Sea, leading Norway and Britain to scramble fighter jets to follow them. Russia's air force said later it was a routine flight.  E-mail to a friend . Copyright 2007 Reuters. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

Russia to send bomber aircraft on long-range flights on a permanent basis .
President Vladimir Putin said the move was in response to security threats .
The White House says the flights do not pose a threat to the United States .

(Mental Floss) -- 1. The Hamburger -- Louis' Lunch, New Haven, Connecticut . This burger did not come from Louis' so ketchup is OK. There are competing claims for the coveted "Inventor of the Hamburger" title, but according to Louis' Lunch (and the Library of Congress, for that matter), this small New Haven restaurant takes the prize. The story goes something like this: One day in 1900, a rushed businessman asked owner Louis Lassen for something quick that he could eat on the run. Lassen cooked up a beef patty, put it between some bread, and sent the man on his way. Pretty modest beginnings for arguably the most popular sandwich of all-time, huh? If you visit Louis' today, you'll find that not much has changed. The Lassen family still owns and operates the restaurant, the burgers are still cooked in ancient gas stoves, and, just like then, there is absolutely no ketchup allowed. 2. The Fried Twinkie -- The ChipShop, Brooklyn, New York . Sometimes what counts isn't being the inventor, it's being the innovator. Take the fried Twinkie, for example. The Twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory-- has been around for ages, but when ChipShop owner Christopher Sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack, dip it in batter, and deep-fry it, the Twinkie took gluttony to new heights. Even The New York Times raved about how "something magical" happens when you taste the deep-fried Twinkie's "luscious vanilla flavor." Sell, who was trained in classical French cuisine, didn't start with the Twinkie, though. In his native England, he fried up everything from M&M's to Mars bars. 3. Root Beer Float -- Myers Avenue Red Soda Co., Cripple Creek, Colorado . If you thought what happened up on Cripple Creek only happened in song, you're sorely mistaken. In August of 1893, a failed gold-miner-turned-soda-company-owner named Frank J. Wisner was drinking a bottle of his Myers Avenue Red root beer while looking up at Cow Mountain. Just then, a full moon illuminated the snowcap on the otherwise black mountain, and Wisner had a brilliant idea -- float a scoop of vanilla ice cream in a glass of his root beer. The new drink was christened the "black cow" and became an instant classic. Today, of course, most of us call it a root beer float. 4. Corn Dogs -- Cozy Dog Drive In, Springfield, Illinois . In 1946, Ed Waldmire, Jr., revolutionized the stick-meat world when he debuted the Cozy Dog -- the first corn dog on a stick. At first, he wanted to call his creation the "Crusty Cur," but his wife convinced him to change the name to "Cozy Dog." She felt people wouldn't want to eat something described as "crusty." Good call, Mrs. Waldmire. Shortly after the Cozy Dog's inception, the Cozy Dog Drive In opened alongside old Route 66 and has been serving up corn dogs ever since. 5. The Pizzeria -- Lombardi's, New York City, New York . Pizza has existed in one form or another for a long time, but America got her first true pizzeria when Gennaro Lombardi opened up a small grocery store in New York City's Little Italy. An employee named Anthony "Totonno" Pero started selling pizzas out of the back, and in no time, Lombardi's was concentrating on its burgeoning pizza business instead of plain old groceries. In 1905, the establishment was licensed as a pizzeria, and it's stayed that way ever since. Well, almost. The original restaurant closed in 1984 but reopened down the street 10 years later. On its 100th anniversary in 2005, Lombardi's decided to offer its pizza for the same price it'd been sold for in 1905 -- 5 cents a pie. Needless to say, the line wrapped around the block. 6. Fat Darrell -- R.U. Hungry, New Brunswick, New Jersey . You may not know what the Fat Darrell is, but when you hear what it contains, you'll understand why it's truly a work of inspired genius. Since 1979, Rutgers University has played host to a collection of mobile food vans collectively known as the "Grease Trucks." Originally, they served a sandwich called the Fat Cat, which contained two cheeseburger patties, French fries, lettuce, tomato, and onions. Then one night in 1997, a hungry (and broke) student named Darrell W. Butler convinced one of the vendors to put chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, French fries, and marinara sauce on a sandwich. Strangely, the concoction sounded so appetizing that the next 10 people in line ordered it, and the Fat Darrell became a mainstay at the Grease Trucks. Hey, not any old sandwich gets to be named Maxim magazine's top "Meat Hog" sandwich. 7. Philly Cheesesteak -- Pat's King Of Steaks, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania . Philadelphia is known for many things (Ben Franklin, the Liberty Bell, and Rocky, for starters), but fine dining is not really its forte. That's OK, though, because Philly is the home of Pat's King of Steaks, and Pat's King of Steaks is where the Philly cheesesteak was born. One day back in 1932, hot dog stand owners Pasquale (Pat) and Harry Olivieri decided to change things up and make a steak sandwich with onions. A cab driver who ate at Pat's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich, and with the first bite declared, "Hey, forget 'bout those hot dogs, you should sell these!" Cab drivers know fast food about as well as anyone, so the brothers did just what the cabbie suggested. In no time, the modest stand turned into the Pat's that exists today. Controversy remains, however, over who's responsible for putting the cheese in cheesesteak. Pat's claims it was the first to do so (in 1951), but across-the-street rival Joe Vento of Geno's Steaks (opened 1966) insists he added the finishing touches. 8. Onion Rings -- Pig Stand, Dallas, Texas . According to most sources, the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a Pig Stand location in Dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter, then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination. Now, you'd think inventing the onion ring would be enough for one restaurant chain, but not Pig Stand. The company also lays claim to opening America's first drive-in, inventing Texas toast, and being one of the first restaurants to advertise using neon signs. Not bad for a little outfit from Texas. 9. Derby Pie -- Melrose Inn, Prospect, Kentucky . A Kentucky favorite, derby pie is a chocolate and pecan tart with a pastry-dough crust -- and that's about all we know about it. Why? Because the recipe is jealously guarded by the Kern family. Melrose Inn manager George Kern created derby pie in the mid-1950s with help from his parents, Walter and Leaudra, and the dessert was such a hit that the family was soon baking the treat full-time. In fact, Mrs. Kern, being the crafty monopolist she was, copyrighted the name, and to this day, you can only get real "Derby-Pie®" through Kern's Kitchen, Inc. Not only that, but a man from New England once handed Leaudra a blank check for the recipe so that his daughter could make the pie at home. She refused.I E-mail to a friend . For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com . Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved.

Famous American foods created across United States .
Connecticut diner claims creation of the hamburger .
Onion rings were courtesy of cook at Pig Stand in Texas .
Fat Darrell came from "Grease Trucks" at Rutgers University .

(CNN) -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital, Baku, prompting the facility to close its doors to the public Monday, Azerbaijan and U.S. officials told CNN. The Bibi Heybat Mosque, just outside the capital Baku. As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "following security concerns nearby," Britain's Foreign Office said. The terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group, two U.S. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for Azerbaijan's National Security Ministry told CNN. U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details "are still unfolding," and the threat "may or may not be" linked to the Saturday raid. "There were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy there," McCormack said, noting that no specific individuals were targeted. Several days ago, an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles, a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku, the ministry spokesman and U.S. officials said. Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga, about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku, the spokesman said. One suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep, the spokesman said. Several others are still at large, he added. He said the terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings. The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions. "While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security," it said. Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic that borders the Caspian Sea, and lies just north of Iran. McCormack said U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume. He said he expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday, as well. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Igor Malakhov in Moscow, Zain Verjee in Washington and Roger Clark in London contributed to this report .

Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. embassy in Baku .
The United States has reduced its embassy's operations .
Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday .

(CNN) -- The crew members of a North Korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off Somalia, but not without a deadly fight, the U.S. Navy reported Tuesday. The USS James E. Williams ordered pirates to give up their weapons, the Navy says. When the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan was over, two pirates were dead and five were captured, the Navy said. Three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS James E. Williams. The captured pirates were being held aboard the North Korean vessel, the Navy said. The bandits had seized the ship's bridge, while the crew kept control of the steering gear and engines, the Navy said. The Koreans moved against the attackers after the Williams -- responding to reports of the hijacking -- ordered the pirates to give up their weapons, according to the Navy. When the crew members stormed the bridge, the deadly battle began. After the crew regained control, Navy sailors boarded the Dai Hong Dan to help with the injured. North Korea and the United States have no diplomatic relations.  Watch why the U.S. helped the North Koreans » . The incident took place about 70 miles northeast of the Somali capital, Mogadishu, the Navy said. It is the second incident of piracy reported in recent days. A second U.S. Navy destroyer was searching waters off Somalia for pirates who hijacked a Japanese-owned ship, military officials said. Over the weekend, gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian-flagged Golden Nori off the Socotra archipelago near the Horn of Africa, said Andrew Mwangura, a spokesman for the Kenyan-based Seafarers' Assistance Program. The guided-missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke has been pursuing the pirates after entering Somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in Mogadishu, U.S. officials said Monday. In recent years, warships have stayed outside the 12-mile limit when chasing pirates. Two military officials familiar with the details confirmed the ongoing operation. The Navy's pursuit of the pirates began Sunday night when the Golden Nori radioed for help. The Burke's sister ship, the USS Porter, opened fire and sank the pirate skiffs tied to the Golden Nori's stern before the Burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel. When the shots were fired, it was not known the ship was filled with highly flammable benzene. U.S. military officials indicate there is a great deal of concern about the cargo because it is so sensitive. Benzene, which U.S. authorities have declared a known human carcinogen, is used as a solvent and to make plastics and synthetic fabrics. Four other ships in the region remain in pirate hands, the Navy said. U.S. and NATO warships have been patrolling off the Horn of Africa for years in an effort to crack down on piracy off Somalia, where a U.N.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy.  See how piracy is worse than 2006 » . On Monday, the head of the transitional government resigned as his administration -- backed by Ethiopian troops -- battled insurgents from the Islamic movement that seized control of Mogadishu in 2006. Hospital officials reported 30 dead in three days of clashes on the city's south side. In June, the ship USS Carter Hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia, but the American vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters. In May, a U.S. Navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast. But the U.S. Maritime Administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore.  See the warning area » . The pirates often are armed with automatic rifles and shoulder-fired rockets, according to a recent warning from the agency. "To date, vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding, while those that slow down are boarded, taken to the Somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment, often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks," the warning advised. The agency issued a new warning to sailors in the Gulf of Aden, between Somalia and Yemen, after Sunday's hijacking. E-mail to a friend . CNN correspondents Barbara Starr at the Pentagon and Christian Purefoy in Nairobi contributed to this report.

North Korean crew recaptures hijacked vessel .
Navy says two pirates killed, five captured; three from crew injured .
USS Arleigh Burke enters Somali territorial waters to pursue other pirates .
Pirates aboard hijacked Golden Nori carrying highly flammable benzene .

(CNN) -- Debra Lafave, the former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student, violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker, a Florida judge found Thursday. Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager. She is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18. But the judge did not send Lafave to jail, saying the violation was "not willful and substantial." "Please don't come back," he scolded. Dressed in a tailored, black pantsuit, Lafave said she had "innocent" physical contact with a female co-worker she knew as under age 18.  Watch Lafave in the courtroom » . At the time, she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at Danny Boy's, a small restaurant in the Tampa, Florida, area. Lafave, 27, pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation. Lafave was required to register as a sex offender and ordered not to have any contact with minors. A tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court, prompting the prosecutor to observe, "I think she's accounted for." Lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation. She referred to the sexually explicit conversations at work as just "girl talk." Lafave denied talking about her sex life with co-workers. "I don't speak that way about my personal life," she said. But she added that her co-workers spoke freely about sex in a "small group setting." While other co-workers socialized outside work, Lafave said, the 17-year-old was not included in those outings. Asked why she hugged the young co-worker, Lafave explained it was a small restaurant with a casual atmosphere where co-workers felt like family. The contact came, she said, "out of my good nature, that's the way it worked." The contacts that led to Thursday's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests administered as part of Lafave's court-ordered supervision. She received a verbal reprimand a year ago, according to testimony. When the behavior continued, her probation officer asked a judge to find her in violation. She was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother's beauty shop. In the past, Lafave has said she suffers from bipolar disorder and is receiving treatment. E-mail to a friend .

NEW: Judge finds former teacher in violation of probation in student sex case .
But judge spares Debra Lafave from jail, warns her "don't come back"
Lafave's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 .

(InStyle) -- It all boils down to this. It doesn't really matter all that much what hot, nubile French maverick has set the fashion world on fire. Or which Milanese visionary has a new fabric technique discovered during a life-changing trip to Angkor Wat that's sure to bring back sixties minimalism with a twist. Or that so-and-so has signed a deal to develop boutique spa hotels around the globe in former monasteries. Because, in the end, he's Ralph Lauren, and we're not. Ralph Lauren has his eye on China and Japan. For four decades no other designer has had a greater impact, not only on the way American men and women dress but also on the way they imagine, seek and indulge in the Good Life, than the former tie salesman from the Bronx. "Those ties were handmade, by the way," recalls Lauren. "Back then, ties, even designer ones, didn't sell for more than $5 apiece. Mine were $12 to $15. Such luxury in something so simple was revolutionary." And ironic. Because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony, Lauren originally named his company Polo because "it was the sport of kings. It was glamorous, sexy and international."  See his designs » . In the beginning a few people questioned if it was named after Marco Polo -- but today the fact that virtually none of Lauren's millions of devoted customers has ever even seen a polo match is immaterial. Lauren instinctively caught something that was in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it -- the desire, not just to be a success but to look like one before you'd even achieved your goal. What's more, Lauren made it look as easy as Fred Astaire dancing down a staircase. "What matters the most to me are clothes that are consistent and accessible," says the designer. "When I look at the people I've admired over the years, the ultimate stars, like Frank Sinatra, Cary Grant and Astaire, the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency, whose naturalness is part of their excitement. And when you think of the blur of all the brands that are out there, the ones you believe in and the ones you remember, like Chanel and Armani, are the ones that stand for something. Fashion is about establishing an image that consumers can adapt to their own individuality. And it's an image that can change, that can evolve. It doesn't reinvent itself every two years." However, with a media that is insatiable for the new, the now and the next, being steadfast doesn't always make for good copy. "The spotlight is always going to search for the newcomer," Lauren admits. "And that's fine. But the key to longevity is to keep doing what you do better than anyone else. We work real hard at that. It's about getting your message out to the consumer. It's about getting their trust, but also getting them excited, again and again. My clothes -- the clothes we make for the runway -- aren't concepts. They go into stores. Our stores. Thankfully, we have lots of them," says Lauren. "What I rely on is people walking into my store saying, 'I want your clothes.'" Well, if all of Lauren's customers shouted that together, he would go deaf faster than he could pull on one of his classic pullovers. Lauren's effortless luxury is all over the red carpet, on ski slopes and boats, at Wimbledon and elsewhere. It furnishes living rooms and graces dinner tables. It's on the bed, in the bed and under the bed -- and now sits on coffee tables, thanks to the tome Ralph Lauren (Rizzoli), celebrating his 40-years-and-growing career. But far from giving his customary over-the-head wave and riding off into his Colorado-ranch sunset, the designer is going even more global. "Americans have a real inferiority about their own style. We've brought sportswear to the world, and yet we have a long way to go." Already in Milan, London, Paris and Moscow, Lauren has more stores planned for China, Japan ... oh, everywhere. "There aren't enough Americans out there," he says. Who better to start with than Ralph? Just as long as he doesn't let on that most of us still can't play a lick of polo. E-mail to a friend . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE! Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. All rights reserved.

Ralph Lauren began as tie salesman from the Bronx .
First design: Wide ties when others were narrow .
Has designed high fashion for four decades .
Goal: Glamorous clothing that is "consistent and accessible"

(CNN) -- A man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, police officer last week was captured at a shelter in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday, Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson said at a news conference. Miami Police Chief John Timoney said he had been alerted by Philadelphia police that the suspect, John Lewis, had taken a Miami-bound bus from Philadelphia. Acting on information from Miami Rescue Mission, officers went to a homeless shelter where they found Lewis, "who was pretty easy to spot as he's 6 feet, 270 pounds," Timoney said. He was apprehended "unarmed and without incident," the Miami chief said. Timoney said it didn't appear that anyone in Miami was helping Lewis, according to CNN affiliate WPVI. Miami Police Officer Gil Gonzalez said Lewis "had a Bible and was praying when we went to get him. He had a look of guilt, a look of shock." Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street said people at the shelter recognized Lewis from televised photos of the suspect. Lewis is suspected in the October 31 shooting of Philadelphia Police Officer Chuck Cassidy. Cassidy was shot in the head when he inadvertently walked into a robbery in progress at a Dunkin' Donuts. He died the next day. Investigators told WPVI that Lewis was spotted on security video boarding a bus to Miami on Saturday night. Cassidy was one of three Philadelphia police officers shot in a four-day period last week. Mariano Santiago was shot in the shoulder late last Tuesday as he approached a vehicle. He is in fair condition. Officer Sandra VanHinkle was shot early last Sunday and is out of the hospital and doing well, police say. Former co-workers of Lewis who spoke to WPVI said they were surprised by the allegations against him. "He was so nice," Kiani Clark told the station. "He was really nice. He didn't seem like the type that would hurt a fly." The Associated Press reported that Lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges, which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program.  He was arrested again in June on drug charges, and that case is still pending, the AP reported. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Aurore Ankarcrona contributed to this report. Copyright 2007 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.

Tip leads police to John Lewis at homeless shelter in Miami .
Lewis is suspected in fatal shooting of Philadelphia Ofc. Charles Cassidy .
Cassidy walked in on doughnut shop robbery last week and was shot, police say .
Philadelphia police alerted Miami counterparts that Lewis was headed that way .

LOS ANGELES, California -- One of the bigger difficulties any first-time buyer faces is purchasing a car that doesn't scream "first-time" to friends, relatives and co-workers, or indeed to the buyer each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase. A "shark" that races down roads. To break from the boring econobox, here are some of the more sculpted and stylish cars available for about $20,000 that will hold their looks for a long time and give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner. Hyundai Tiburon . If you didn't know already, Tiburon means "shark" in Spanish, and it's not hard to see how Hyundai's sporty coupe can stalk the unwary first-time buyer and snare them quickly. Like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin, the Tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that won't bust a first-time buyer's wallet, though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats. The startling Hyundai-designed looks boast a touch of Italian styling uncommon for its bracket. Mazda MazdaSpeed3 . A bona-fide pocket rocket, any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the MazdaSpeed3, part of the Asian carmaker's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from European carmakers. This one isn't overbearingly dripped in trim or wings, but don't let any youngster tell you it doesn't have what it takes to make their peers jealous. The MazdaSpeed3 will storm from standing to a mile a minute in under six seconds and is said to hit 155 mph. Its secret is torque negation in the low gears -- and perhaps its 263 horses under the hood. Another hidden gem is its seven-speaker Bose stereo. Pontiac G5 GT Coupe . Much like the fantastic Chevy Cobalt SS, its younger sister Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring at a price that appeals to the first-time buyer's wallet. The G5 GT has been tweaked just slightly from its sister SS -- like the difference between Ashlee and Jessica Simpson -- boasting a less horizontal grille and more sculpted valance. Both are reasonably stylish from the back and side and both leaving plenty room for aftermarket add-ons. A new grille entirely, like a Phantom, may just be what you need to set it off against the crowd. The GT's inline-four 2.4-liter 173-hp engine -- 25hp over the base -- drives the front wheels to hit 0-60 mph in 7.5 seconds. Gas mileage is good and customer satisfaction ratings are off the hook. Ford Mustang V6 . A revamped chassis is the key to why Ford's Mustang has become an outstanding product at a price that's hard to beat. A tweak to the iconic lines for last year included a smaller back window and a longer, craggier front end. Some might of course call us heretics for picking a V6 over the famous eight-cylinder included in the GT package but, to be honest, the V6 performs admirably, pushes out 210hp and emits a low-down growl that sounds wonderful. And it's still a Mustang. Civic Coupe . A Civic hatch was my second car (after a very short-lived VW Rabbit). The coupe tested earlier this year brought back fond memories of the Civic's surprisingly roomy front cabin, its enjoyable handling and maneuverability, first-class economy and its sporty elongated hood and swooping back end. Standard features include a 350-watt premium sound system, a touch-screen satellite-navigation system whose screen flips to reveal the CD player, and a slot for a computer memory card. It's also got a funky dash that spectrally lights at night -- what fun. Scion xB . On the heels of its 2004 release, Toyota's hipster Scion brand has remodeled its boxy wonder this year, this time boasting more than a design nod to its parent company's FJ Cruiser. Wide rear pillars, wraparound headlights and bumper define the second-generation variant, which comes dripping with gadgetry inside, as well as leaving plenty of room for after-market customization. This one turns heads while allowing you to pack five adults in relative comfort. Other notable features include a central console that fits in a DVD player alongside a backlit GPS sat-nav system that lights up in any one of 10 colors. Honda Fit . A co-worker bought one of these after crashing her old and very badly beaten up Saturn on a left turn into oncoming traffic. Ouch. So it technically wasn't her first car, but for many buyers, it will be. Energetic, filled with flair and boasting a vertical fold the length of its bonnet, the Fit looks the part as well as being colossally roomy inside for what you expect. You don't get a third row of seats in there but, with the back row folded flat, it almost lends you to believe it can become a camper. Other great touches include an mp3 input jack and reclining rear-seat headrests, while gas mileage is, as expected, very good indeed. E-mail to a friend .

Tiburon is low-slung sportster that won't bust first-time buyer's wallet .
Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring .
Toyota's hipster Scion comes dripping with gadgetry inside .

(CNN) -- President Bush blasted the Democratic-controlled Congress on Tuesday for having "the worst record in 20 years." "Congress is not getting its work done," Bush said, flanked by members of the Republican House leadership. "The House of Representatives has wasted valuable time on a constant stream of investigations, and the Senate has wasted valuable time on an endless series of failed votes to pull our troops out of Iraq." Bush criticized Congress for not being able to send "a single appropriations bill" to him. "They haven't seen a bill they could not solve without shoving a tax hike into it," he said. Democrats quickly fired back. Jim Manley, senior aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, said, "Taking advice from President Bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the American people is like taking hunting lessons from Dick Cheney. Neither is a very good idea." Rep. Rahm Emanuel, D-Illinois, issued a statement saying, "President Bush's rally this morning reminds us that congressional Republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the Bush agenda: No to children's health care; no to a new direction in Iraq; and no to investing in America's future. The White House and congressional Republicans want to continue the status quo." Bush said the Senate was "wasting valuable time" by taking up the children's health insurance bill, which he had earlier vetoed.  Watch Bush describe what he thinks Congress is doing wrong » . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, D-Maryland, issued a statement calling Bush "the biggest obstacle" to extending health coverage to "10 million low-income, working-class American children." Hoyer said GOP House leaders need to "stop posing for pictures, and sit down with Democrats and Republicans in Congress who are working together to extend coverage to our children." The State Children's Health Insurance Program measure passed in the House last week would expand the program by nearly $35 billion over five years, the same as the measure Bush vetoed on October 3. Bush had proposed adding $5 billion to the program, and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded, state-run program. Democratic leaders said the new version addresses Republican objections by tightening restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving SCHIP benefits; capping the income levels of families that qualify for the program; and preventing adults from receiving benefits. The program currently covers about 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid, the federal health insurance program for the poor, but who can't afford private insurance. Democrats want to extend the program to another 4 million, paying for it with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes. Bush said Congress knows the current version of the children's health bill "does not have a chance," to get enough votes to override another veto. Hoyer accused Bush of breaking a promise he made in 2004 to extend coverage under the SCHIP program. "Now, Congress must do what the president said he would do," he said in his statement. The Senate could vote on the bill as early as Tuesday. Bush also threatened to veto a "three-bill pileup." "There are now reports that Congressional leaders may be considering combining the Veterans and Department of Defense appropriations bills, and then add a bloated labor, health and education spending bill to both of them," he said. "Congress should pass each bill one at a time in a fiscally responsible manner," he said. Bush also urged Congress to send him a "clean defense appropriations bill and a war supplemental bill." "They ought to get me a bill that funds among other things bullets and body armor," he said. Bush also criticized Congress for trying to "hold hostage" funding for troops. "It would be irresponsible to not give our troops the resources they need to get their job done because Congress was unable to get its job done," he said. Hoyer's release said Bush's comments on appropriations bills and fiscal responsibility "ring hollow." "The fact is, this administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in American history, turning record surpluses into record deficits and adding more than $3 trillion to the national debt," he said. "Democrats are the party of fiscal responsibility today because we believe our government must pay for the things it purchases and not force our children to pay our bills. The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is not a fight over spending. It is a fight over priorities." E-mail to a friend .

Bush: Senate "wasting valuable time" with children's health insurance bill .
Congress "holding hostage" funds for troops, Bush says .
Bush accuses Congress of gridlock, failing to promote anyone's agenda .
Democrats fire back, saying Bush's words "ring hollow"

WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still "grappling with shame, guilt, remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible." And a social worker who has worked extensively with him said he draws self-portraits that often show him with a tear running down his cheek. A self-portrait drawn by sniper Lee Boyd Malvo. Many of his drawings show him with a tear running down his cheek. Malvo, 22, spends 23 hours a day inside his cell at Virginia's toughest prison, a maximum-security compound called Red Onion, not far from the Kentucky border. He's serving a life sentence. According to social worker Carmeta Albarus-Lindo, Malvo is a changed person since he and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period. "The most I can do is to continue to be there, because that is his greatest fear -- that, you know, another parental figure would abandon him because that was what he'd been exposed to all his life," said Albarus-Lindo, who has spent hundreds of hours with Malvo since his arrest and conviction.  Read the letter » . She said one of those "parental" figures was Muhammad, who met Malvo in the Caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began in 2002. Muhammad became the teenager's surrogate father, convincing him that violence was the only way to correct perceived injustices to African-Americans, Albarus-Lindo said. He ordered Malvo to go to bed each night and to memorize passages from "The Art of War," an ancient Chinese text on battlefield strategy. According to Albarus-Lindo, Malvo was "brainwashed" into aiding Muhammad in the murders. However, prosecutors have said Malvo, even at 17, knew what he was doing. "I thought he was coldblooded," said Paul Ebert, commonwealth attorney for Prince William County, Virginia, of the first time he met Malvo. "He was a person who had chosen a life of crime." And when a Virginia jury spared Malvo's life, some investigators said they were horrified. "That was the hardest day of my career," said April Carroll of the Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco. "I felt that day we had failed when Malvo was not sentenced to death." Some of the victims' families said they are content that Malvo did not receive the death penalty. Vicki Buchanan Snyder, whose brother James "Sonny" Buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a Maryland auto dealership, said she was "satisfied" with the jury's verdict. As for Malvo, Albarus-Lindo said he will "never forgive himself for what has happened." When she first began seeing him, he still called Muhammad "Dad." It took months, she said, before he stopped. In the interim, Albarus-Lindo said, he took college correspondence courses and began to draw. Muhammad is at a Virginia prison called Sussex One. In a DVD made last year inside prison and obtained exclusively by CNN, he said he is "still fighting" on death row. He wants to "correct," he said, some "inaccurate statements" made by the news media about his relationship with Malvo. He wasn't specific about what he meant.  Watch Muhammad on death row » . Muhammad's ex-wife, Mildred, said she believed that she was the real target of the snipers from the beginning. She and her children live in suburban Washington, and she runs a Web site called Afterthetrauma.org, devoted to the victims of domestic abuse. Mildred Muhammad said she feels her ex-husband wanted to kill her as revenge because she was able to gain custody of their three children. As for his relationship with Malvo, she said she too is convinced that John Allen Muhammad brainwashed the younger man. "That boy was a victim before he even knew it," she said. "His life was over when he said, 'Hi.' " E-mail to a friend .

Social worker says sniper Lee Boyd Malvo is a changed person.
Ten people were killed in Washington-area sniper attacks in 2002 .
In a letter to CNN, Malvo writes he's still "grappling with shame, guilt, remorse"

ROME, Italy -- Italy national coach Roberto Donadoni has left Cristiano Lucarelli in his squad for next Saturday's crucial Euro 2008 qualifier in Scotland. Lucarelli keeps his place in the Italian squad after scoring twice against South Africa. The Shakhtar Donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month's friendly against South Africa, when he scored twice in the world champions' victory. While Donadoni has again left out veteran forwards Filippo Inzaghi and Alessandro Del Piero, he has handed Juventus striker and Italy under-21 international Raffaele Palladino his first call-up to the senior squad. Donadoni's squad is also boosted by the return from suspension of captain Fabio Cannavaro, . Italy go into the clash in Glasgow third in Group B, two points behind leaders France and one point below Scotland. Italy end their qualifying campaign by taking on bottom side the Faroe Islands in Modena on November 21. Italy squad: . Goalkeepers: Marco Amelia (Livorno), Gianluigi Buffon (Juventus), Gianluca Curci (Roma) Defenders: Andrea Barzagli (Palermo), Daniele Bonera (AC Milan), Fabio Cannavaro (Real Madrid), Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus), Fabio Grosso (Lyon), Massimo Oddo (AC Milan), Christian Panucci (Roma), Gianluca Zambrotta (Barcelona) Midfielders: Massimo Ambrosini (AC Milan), Mauro Camoranesi (Juventus), Daniele De Rossi (Roma), Gennaro Gattuso (AC Milan), Simone Perrotta (Roma), Andrea Pirlo (AC Milan) Strikers: Antonio Di Natale (Udinese), Alberto Gilardino (AC Milan), Vincenzo Iaquinta (Juventus), Cristiano Lucarelli (Shakhtar Donetsk), Raffaele Palladino (Juventus), Fabio Quagliarella (Udinese), Luca Toni (Bayern Munich) E-mail to a friend .

Striker Cristiano Lucarelli keeps his place in Italy's squad to face Scotland .
Lucarelli impressed by scoring twice in the recent victory over South Africa .
Juventus striker Raffaele Palladino earns his first call-up to the senior squad .

(CNN) -- Erik Prince, the chairman and CEO of Blackwater USA, appeared Tuesday before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Erik Prince, CEO and chairman of Blackwater USA, is sworn in Tuesday at a congressional hearing. The committee convened amid an FBI investigation into a September 16 shootout involving Blackwater personnel that resulted in the deaths of Iraqi civilians. Following is a transcript of Prince's opening statement: . Chairman [Henry] Waxman, [D-California], Congressman [Thomas] Davis, [R-Virginia], members of the committee, my name is Eric Prince, and I am the chairman and CEO of the Prince Group and Blackwater USA. Blackwater's a team of dedicated professionals who provide training to America's military and law enforcement communities and risk their lives to protect Americans in harm's way overseas. Under the direction and oversight of the United States government, Blackwater provides an opportunity for military and law enforcement veterans with a record of honorable service to continue their support to the United States. Words alone cannot express the respect I have for these brave men and women who defend -- who volunteer to defend U.S. personnel facilities and diplomatic missions. I am proud to be there to represent them today. After almost five years in active service as a U.S. Navy SEAL, I founded Blackwater in 1997. I wanted to offer the military and law enforcement communities assistance by providing expert instruction and world-class training venues. Ten years later, Blackwater trains approximately 500 members of the United States military and law enforcement agencies every day. After 9/11, when the U.S. began its stabilization efforts in Afghanistan and then Iraq, the United States government called upon Blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas. Blackwater responded immediately. We are extremely proud of answering that call in supporting our country. Blackwater personnel supporting our overseas missions are all military and law enforcement veterans, many of whom have recent military deployments. No individual ever protected by Blackwater has ever been killed or seriously injured. There is no better evidence of the skill and dedication of these men. At the same time, 30 brave men have made the ultimate sacrifice while working for Blackwater and its affiliates. Numerous others have been wounded and permanently maimed. The entire Blackwater family mourns the loss of these brave lives. Our thoughts and our prayers are with their families. The areas of Iraq in which we operate are particularly dangerous and challenging. Blackwater personnel are subject to regular attacks by terrorists and other nefarious forces within Iraq. We're the targets of the same ruthless enemies that have killed more than 3,800 American military personnel and thousands of innocent Iraqis. Any incident where Americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which our professionals work to keep American officials and dignitaries safe, including visiting members of Congress. In doing so, more American service members are available to fight the enemy. Blackwater shares the committee's interest in ensuring the accountability and oversight of contract personnel supporting U.S. operations. The company's personnel are already accountable under and subject to numerous statutes, treaties and regulations of the United States. Blackwater looks forward to working with Congress and the executive branch to ensure that any necessary improvements to these laws and policies are implemented. The worldwide personnel protection services contract, which has been provided to this committee, was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance, including the hiring, vetting guidelines, background checks, screening, training standards, rules of force and conduct standards. In Iraq, Blackwater reports to the embassy's regional security officer, or RSO. All Blackwater movements and operations are directed by the RSO. In conjunction with internal company procedures and controls, the RSO ensures that Blackwater complies with all relevant contractual terms and conditions, as well as any applicable laws and regulations. We have approximately 1,000 professionals serving today in Iraq as part of our nation's total force. Blackwater does not engage in offensive or military missions but performs only defensive security functions. My understanding of the September 16 incident is that the Department of State and the FBI are conducting a full investigation, but those results are not yet available. We at Blackwater welcome the FBI review announced yesterday, and we will cooperate fully and look forward to receiving their conclusions. I just want to put some other things in perspective. A recent report from the Department of State stated that in 2007 Blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone, areas outside the Green Zone in Iraq, and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged, or less than 3 percent of all movements. In 2006, Blackwater conducted over 6,500 diplomatic movements in the Red Zone. Weapons were discharged in less than 1 percent of those missions. To the extent there is any loss of innocent life, ever, let me be clear that I consider that tragic. Every life, whether American or Iraqi, is precious. I stress to the committee and to the American public, however, that I believe we acted appropriately at all times. I am prepared to answer your questions. E-mail to a friend .

Erik Prince, CEO of Blackwater USA, testifies before House panel .
Hearings held amid an FBI probe into a shootout involving Blackwater personnel .
Prince: "I believe we acted appropriately at all times"

LONDON, England -- UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban following his horror tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown last week. Augustin Binya, right, lunges towards Celtic midfielder Scott Brown during Benfica's 1-0 defeat in Glasgow. The Cameroon international was sent off for the challenge in his side's 1-0 defeat in the Champions League match in Glasgow last Wednesday. Scotland international Brown avoided injury, but claimed Binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that Europe's governing body take further action. Binya, 24, apologized for the challenge -- described by officiating referee Martin Hansson of Sweden as one of the worst he had ever seen -- on the day after the match. But UEFA's control and disciplinary body announced their sanction on Friday morning, having deliberated on the case on Thursday. In a statement on uefa.com, Binya's challenge was described as one which "seriously endangered the physical health of the opposing player". Benfica can appeal against the ban, which rules Binya out of the Portuguese club's remaining Group D matches against AC Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk. If unsuccessful, he will also miss any matches in the knockout stages of the Champions League or UEFA Cup. The suspension will also carry over to future seasons if, as seems likely, Benfica finish bottom of Group D and bow out of Europe for this campaign. Brown, who has been passed fit for Scotland's Euro 2008 qualifier against Italy, said straight after the Benfica match: "He obviously tried to do me as hard as possible." It is the second time that UEFA has had to intervene following an incident involving Celtic this season. AC Milan keeper Dida was handed a two-match ban, subsequently reduced to one on appeal, after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the Scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the Brazilian in the face. Celtic were fined $50,000 and barred the supporter for life. E-mail to a friend .

UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match ban .
The Cameroon international was sent off for bad tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown .
Brown was lucky to escape injury in incident during Champions League match .

WASHINGTON (CNN) -- With the election of the next president a year away, Sen. Hillary Clinton remains the person to beat, a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll released Monday suggests. As the countdown begins to November 4, 2008, the New York Democrat continues to dominate the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the GOP front-runner, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani. But Clinton's path to the White House is in no way certain. Clinton was criticized for her performance during a debate last week, and her rivals for the Democratic nomination have stepped up attacks that she has equivocated on her position on Iraq, Iran and other major issues. The Republican presidential candidates have also stepped up their attacks on the Democratic front-runner, with each suggesting that he has the best chance of stopping Clinton. The attacks may be working. The CNN/Opinion Research polls suggests that Clinton's support has slipped from its height one month ago.  Watch CNN's Bill Schneider on the latest poll numbers » . "Clinton's strength is about where it was throughout the summer, indicating that she has lost the support she gained last month but that Obama has not yet cut into her core constituency," CNN political director Keating Holland said. Clinton is the top choice of 44 percent of the likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll. Her closest rival, Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois, was the top choice of 25 percent, and former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina has 14 percent. All other Democratic candidates were in single digits. New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson was backed by 4 percent, Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware by 3 percent, Sen. Christopher Dodd by 2 percent, Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich by 2 percent and former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel was at 1 percent. The poll involved 467 interviews conducted on November 2-4 with Democrats or independents who lean Democratic. The poll's margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points.  View the poll results » . In an October CNN/Opinion Research poll, Clinton was supported by 51 percent of Democratic voters and had a 30 point lead over Obama. During last week's Democratic debate, Clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow Democratic presidential rivals, who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the Iowa Caucus in early January. Edwards was particularly aggressive during the debate, criticizing Clinton for her stance on Iraq, Iran and Social Security. "The American people ... deserve a president of the United States that they know will tell them the truth and won't say one thing one time and something different at a different time," Edwards said. Edwards has also accused Clinton of being a "corporate Democrat" too willing to defend a "corrupt" Washington establishement. "We desperately need in the next president someone that recognizes we have a system in Washington that's become broken, corruption has crept into it, and we have to tell the truth about that," Edwards said Monday. "If you defend that system, I don't believe you can bring about the change that America needs." In the Republican presidential race, Giuliani continues to be the leading candidate, with the backing of 28 percent of the Republican primary voters polled. Former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee was backed by 19 percent. Sen. John McCain of Arizona was the top pick of 16 percent, and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney had 11 percent. Of the remaining Republican candidates, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee received 10 percent, Texas Rep. Ron Paul 5 percent, California Rep. Duncan Hunter 4 percent and Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo 3 percent. The poll involved telephone interviews with 397 Republicans or independents who lean Republican. The poll's margin of error was 5 percentage points. In a head-to-head matchup of the two front-runners, Clinton leads Giuliani 51 percent to 45 percent. That lead has increased since October, when Clinton led Giuliani 49 percent to 47 percent. "The overall political environment seems to favor the Democrats, partly because Democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood, which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party," Holland said. Only 42 percent of Americans think things are going well, while 58 percent think things are going badly, the poll found. "The public is not just pessimistic about the country -- Americans are angry," Holland said.  "More than eight in 10 say they are angry about the way things are going in the country." Clinton's lead over Giuliani would be greater if a third-party candidate entered the race who believes abortion should be illegal in all circumstances, the poll found. In a three-way race, Clinton would get the support of 48 percent of voters, Giuliani 32 percent and the third-party candidate 18 percent. The poll's margin of error was plus-or-minus 3 percent. "My analysis of it is that [a third-party candidate] is more of an attempt to keep the nomination from me," Giuliani said. "You know it is a tactic, and a legitimate one. People have to think about that and consider it.'' The lack of enthusiasm for Giuliani, particularly by social conservatives, could spell trouble for the GOP next year if he becomes the nominee, Holland said. "Only 27 percent of Republicans say they would feel enthusiastic if Giuliani won the GOP nod, and the remaining GOP candidates fare even worse," he said. E-mail to a friend .

Sen. Clinton supported by 44 percent of Democrats polled, down from October .
Rudy Giuliani continues to lead Republican presidential field with 28 percent .
Clinton beats Giuliani 51 percent to 45 percent, the poll found .
Only 42 percent think things are going well in the U.S., according to the poll .

TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943. Putin, right, is greeted by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad following his arrival in Tehran. Putin, who is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations, said that he and the other leaders agreed that "peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed" in the region. "The Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives," he said. Russia is building Iran's first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the U.S. and its allies to impose stronger U.N. sanctions against Tehran. On Monday, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration's stance that "all options" must be kept "on the table" in confronting the threats posed by Iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time U.S. adversary. "We should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program, their willingness to live up to their rhetoric, their intentions for Iraq, or their ambitions in the Gulf region," Gates said in a speech to the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs. The leaders of Iran, Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan also met Tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea -- the world's largest inland body of water. Speaking afterwards, Putin said that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the U.S. planned to use Azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against Iran, The Associated Press reported. "We are saying that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state," Putin said. "The Caspian Sea is an inland sea and it only belongs to the Caspian states, therefore only they are entitled to have their ships and military forces here," added Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Putin, defying reports of an assassination plot against him, was greeted by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki as he stepped off his plane at Tehran's Mehrabad Airport. During a news conference Monday after talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Wiesbaden, Germany, Putin said rumors of an attempt on his life would not stop his plans. "Of course I will travel to Iran," Putin said. "If I reacted to these kinds of rumors every time, I could never leave the house." Iranian officials denied there was an assassination plot against Putin, with a Foreign Ministry spokesman describing rumors of a possible terrorist action during the Putin visit baseless. "Spreading this kind of totally false news lacks any value and cannot damage the trend of the prepared programs," spokesman Mohammadali Hosseini told the Iranian FARS news agency. Hosseini blamed the rumor on Western media, particularly the U.S. media, saying the report was "made up by the enemies of relations between Iran and Russia to create a psychological war." Putin's visit is the first by a leader in the Kremlin to Iran since Joseph Stalin's World War II conference meeting with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill. "Putin's trip to Tehran is a show of Russia's independence in global affairs. Putin, who approaches the end of his term, wants to demonstrate that he wouldn't cave in to the U.S. pressure," said Alexander Pikayev, an expert on Iran with Russia's Institute for World Economy and International Relations, in a report carried by AP. Putin's schedule also includes meetings with Ahmadinejad and Iran's supreme leader, Ali Khamenei, AP said. E-mail to a friend . Copyright 2007 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report.

Russian President Putin backs Iran's "peaceful" nuclear program during visit .
Putin in Tehran to attend summit of Caspian Sea nations to discuss oil rights .
Iran, Russia set to discuss Iranian nuclear program, U.S. push for sanctions .
Putin downplay rumors of assassination plot; Iran says claims are "baseless"

PARIS, France (CNN) -- Three French journalists charged in an alleged plot to kidnap African children for adoption in Europe arrived in Paris on Sunday, hours after French President Nicolas Sarkozy held emergency talks in Chad. But 14 other people remained in custody in the African nation, some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years. The journalists were among seven Europeans a Chadian judge released Sunday, including a Spanish flight crew, whom Sarkozy dropped off in a brief stop in Madrid on his way back from Chad. All were arrested last week after workers from Zoe's Ark -- a French-based charity group -- were accused of trying to fly 103 children out of Chad in a kidnapping and adoption operation.  Watch a report on how the events unfolded » . Some of the children may never return to their families because it is too difficult to determine their backgrounds, Red Cross spokeswoman Inah Kaloga told CNN on Friday. Those who remain under arrest in Chad are six members of the French charity, four Chadians and four remaining members of the flight crew. Some face kidnapping and fraud charges. Zoe's Ark leader Eric Breteau testified Saturday to a court in the Chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven Spaniards and a Belgian were not involved in the alleged plot, court witnesses told CNN. At least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on Monday. The three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt. It's not clear if the charges against them have been dropped.  Watch the freed Europeans leave Chad » . In a joint news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Sunday at Madrid's Torrejon Air Force Base, Sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released. At the same time, however, he told reporters, "We should respect the sovereignty of Chad." Zapatero thanked Sarkozy for dropping the four Spanish flight crew members off in their home country, and thanked Chadian President Idriss Deby for allowing them to return. After his emergency talks in Chad, Sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a European force to protect refugees from Sudan's Darfur region who have fled to Chad and the neighboring Central African Republic. Sarkozy also said he hoped the six remaining French nationals -- all from Zoe's Ark -- would face trial in France. The charity says that the children were orphans from the Darfur region -- where the United Nations estimates 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict -- and that the group was taking them to host families in France. But after preliminary interviews with the children, aid agencies said Thursday it appeared most of them probably are not orphans and not from Sudan, but instead come from villages on the Chadian side of the border with Sudan. The children are staying in an Abeche orphanage while aid agencies and government officials try to find out where they came from -- a challenge hindered by the number of children, their youth, and the volatile situation in the region. A father of three of the children allegedly kidnapped told a French newspaper he put his children into the charity's care after he was told they would be educated at a school under construction in a nearby town. The Chadian man, who gave his name as Arbab, told Le Parisien on Sunday that workers from Zoe's Ark had visited his village three times. "They never said they would take away our children," he told the newspaper. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Nic Robertson and Al Goodman contributed to this report.

NEW: French president returns to France with three released journalists .
Journalists are among seven Europeans freed Sunday in child "kidnap" row .
There are still 14 other people in custody in Chad .
Father: "They never said they would take away our children"

ROME, Italy (CNN) -- A sixth U.S. service member died Friday from injuries sustained when a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern Italy on Thursday, the U.S. military in Europe said. The helicopter, carrying 11 U.S. military personnel, crashed Thursday afternoon about 22 miles from Aviano, Italy. Four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash, and two of the injured later died, the U.S. military said. Treviso fire officials said one of the dead was a woman, and said no one on the ground was hurt. The U.S. military said the helicopter was an Army H-60 Black Hawk attached to the 1st Battalion, 214th Aviation Regiment. The military was not releasing the names of those killed, pending notification of the victims' families. Police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the Piave River north of Treviso, between the towns of Maserata Sul Piave and Santa Lucia Di Piave.  Watch scenes of the crash site in northern Italy » . The helicopter appeared crumpled and charred in photos from the crash. Italy's ANSA news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution. ANSA said the helicopter had taken off from Aviano Air Base, but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base. The Black Hawk is considered the workhorse of the military's helicopter fleet. It is used in missions in Iraq and Afghanistan to carry troops and equipment. The military has employed Black Hawks for about three decades. The helicopter's first combat mission was about 25 years ago.  E-mail to a friend . CNN's Hada Messia and Barbara Starr contributed to this report.

Four killed in crash; two people die later of injuries .
Copter took off from Aviano Air Base, news agency reports .
Black Hawk helicopter had 11 people aboard .

MEMPHIS, Tennessee (CNN) -- Three men have been arrested and charged with murder in the shooting death last week of a University of Memphis football player, Memphis police announced Monday. Police investigating a car crash on September 30 found Taylor Bradford, 21, fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area. He had apparently gotten into his car after being shot, and drove a short distance before crashing into a tree. Bradford -- a 5-foot-11, 300-pound defensive lineman from Nashville -- was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center. Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin said DeeShawn Tate, 21, Victor Trezevant, 21, and Courtney Washington, 22, had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery. Homicide investigators developed the case against the three men with the help of a citizen's tip and Crimestoppers, he said. Godwin said the investigation continues, and "we do expect additional arrests in this case." "It was an attempted robbery, aggravated robbery," he said. Bradford "was targeted because of some information that was out there and the fact that they believed he had some cash, or he had something that they wanted." Godwin said none of the three arrested suspects were students at the university, but he would not rule out that other suspects could be students. Shelby County District Attorney General William L. Gibbons said the three suspects would make an initial court appearance as early as Tuesday. He said prosecutors were considering seeking the death penalty in the case, but no decision had been made. "Whether or not it will be would be premature for me to say," Gibbons said. "There are a lot of factors that go into it. We'll make a determination at the appropriate time." Officials at the 21,000-student school said Bradford, a marketing major who lived on campus, was popular with the football team and on the campus as a whole. He had transferred from Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama, and was 36 credit hours short of graduation. E-mail to a friend .

University of Memphis athlete Taylor Bradford, 21, was shot September 30 .
Three charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery .
After player was shot, he got in his car, drove off and then crashed into a tree .
The killing spurred school officials to temporarily lock down the campus .

LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A court has ordered pop singer Britney Spears to give up custody of her children effective Wednesday at noon. Kevin Federline and Britney Spears, here during happier times, have two children. Spears' former husband, Kevin Federline, is to retain custody of their two sons "until further order of the court," according to a ruling by Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon. It was not clear what led to Monday's decision awarding Federline full custody. A transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed. Last month, a judge ordered Spears, 25, to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in "habitual, frequent, and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol." That order, also by Gordon, provided no details and did not name any drugs. The former couple has been embroiled in a bitter custody fight over their sons, Sean Preston and Jayden. The parents had split custody 50-50, but Federline then asked for the arrangements to be shifted to 70-30 in his favor.  Watch how Spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame » . In addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests, Gordon ordered Spears to spend eight hours per week working with a "parenting coach," who was to observe her interactions with her children. Gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or "other non-prescription controlled substances" 12 hours before taking custody of the children. He also barred the exes from making "derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party's family or significant other" during the case. And he ordered the parents to go through "joint co-parenting counseling" and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys. Spears and Federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in July. Monday's order comes amid a career freefall for Spears, whose new album is due to be released November 13. After her September 9 "comeback" performance on the MTV Video Music Awards, critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume. Her former divorce lawyer, Laura Wasser, resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer "just wants to be a mom." Spears' management company, the Firm, recently quit after representing the singer for little over a month. E-mail to a friend .

Kevin Federline to take custody of children effective Wednesday noon .
Federline and Britney Spears have two children, ages 2 and 1 .
Pair were divorced in July .

LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former football star O.J. Simpson walked out of jail late Wednesday after posting $250,000 bail. O.J. Simpson leaves the Clark County Detention Center late Wednesday night. Eighth District Judge Jackie Glass hours earlier doubled Simpson's bail to ensure his appearance at an April 7 trial. Glass said Simpson had violated terms of his previous bail. Glass was adamant that Simpson remain in the Clark County Detention Center until 15 percent of the $250,000 is paid in full -- $37,500 -- after it was revealed in court that Simpson never paid any part of his previous $125,000 bail. "There's no 'get-out-of-jail-free card' today," an angry Glass told Simpson's lawyers. "I don't want him out of the jail until the 15 percent is paid in full."  Watch the scolding judge » . The judge scolded Simpson, saying he wasn't taking the matter seriously. "I don't know if it's just arrogance. I don't know if it's ignorance," she chided. Simpson posted bail at about 6:15 p.m. local time (9:15 p.m. ET), according to Las Vegas authorities. Simpson returned to jail in Nevada from his home in Florida January 11 for Wednesday's hearing, after prosecutors alleged he violated the terms of his bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant. The original bail bondsman -- Miguel Pereira of Florida-based You Ring, We Spring -- testified Wednesday that the former football player didn't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in September. "Not one cent," he said. The bail bondsman himself paid the 15 percent premium and the $40 filing fee to allow Simpson to leave the detention center, although he said he had a power of attorney for Simpson's Florida home but never filed a lien on it. When questioned by Simpson attorney Yale Galanter, Pereira admitted he had never sent Simpson a bill for the premium. But, he said, he had an understanding with Simpson that he would be paid "after it was all over." Glass described it as "mind-boggling" that Simpson never had to put up any collateral for his first bond and that the bail bondsman never asked for anything. Prosecutors also produced Wednesday a recording of a profanity-laced voice mail message left on Pereira's answering machine in November from Simpson, which he told Pereira to deliver to co-defendant Clarence Stewart. The prosecutor said the message contained "an undercurrent of a threat," and he wanted the bail to be raised to at least $1 million. Galanter did not contest the authenticity of the recording. As part of his bail granted September 19, Simpson was to have no contact whatsoever with victims, witnesses or co-defendants in the case. Glass said the same goes this time.  Watch how Simpson wound up in jail » . "When I tell you, Mr. Simpson, there are conditions and there are rules, let me make sure you understand if you violate those rules ... you'll be back, locked up in the Clark County Detention Center; do you understand me?" the judge asked. "I understand 100 percent," said Simpson, dressed in a navy blue jail jumpsuit. "No contact [with others in case], no phone messages to third parties, no emails, no letters -- nothing," Glass added. Galanter said his client "was truly contrite about what has occurred." "He will abide scrupulously by whatever this court decides," the attorney said. Simpson faces trial April 7 on 12 criminal counts, including conspiracy, kidnapping, robbery, burglary, coercion and assault with a deadly weapon. The charges stem from a September 13 incident at a Las Vegas hotel in which he allegedly stole sports memorabilia he said belonged to him from dealers Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong. According to earlier testimony, Beardsley and Fromong were offering more than 600 Simpson-related items for sale, including ties Simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman. Simpson was acquitted in that trial. E-mail to a friend .

Judge doubles bail to $250,000, accuses of "arrogance" or "ignorance"
Jailed since Friday, Simpson was required to put down $37,500 in cash to get out .
Bail bondsman tells judge O.J. Simpson never paid him .
DA says Simpson violated bail terms by leaving message for co-defendant .

WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Air Force is returning F-15E Strike Eagle jets to service over Iraq and Afghanistan after grounding other F-15s, the Air Force said Wednesday. The Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C this month. The F-15s were grounded after a crash earlier this month in Missouri of an older model that disintegrated in flight. Each F-15E must pass an inspection of critical parts on the airframe before returning to flying missions, Air Force officials said. All U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection of hydraulic system lines, the Air Force statement said. The longerons -- molded, metal strips of the aircraft fuselage that run from front to rear -- will also be inspected, according to the Air Force. The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay will also be examined, officials said. The Air Force would not say whether the parts being inspected were part of the problem on the aircraft that crashed. The investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and Air Force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete, an Air Force spokesperson said. Air Force officials said the rest of the almost 500 F-15s -- older airframes than the F-15Es -- will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened. The E-model aircraft, the youngest and most sophisticated in the F-15 inventory, is heavily used by Central Command for ground support in the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. It is also used for the homeland security mission over the United States known as Operation Noble Eagle. On November 3, the Air Force grounded all of its F-15s in response to a November 1 crash of a Missouri Air National Guard F-15C in Boss, Missouri. The grounding forced Central Command to use other Air Force, Navy and French fighters to fill the gaps, though Strike Eagles did fly to support troops in battle in Afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders, according to Central Command reports. The plane that crashed, built in 1980, was one of the older F-15s in the fleet. The F-15E Strike Eagle is an air-to-ground and air-to-air fighter, making it more versatile than other F-15 models, which are used for only air-to-air missions. The Strike Eagle is used in Afghanistan and Iraq in its air-to-ground role, using its advanced sensors to drop bombs on targets. E-mail to a friend .

F-15s grounded after a November 1 crash in Missouri .
F-15 is used for ground support in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
All U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection .

LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Former detainees of Immigration and Customs Enforcement accuse the agency in a lawsuit of forcibly injecting them with psychotropic drugs while trying to shuttle them out of the country during their deportation. Raymond Soeoth, pictured here with his wife, says he was injected with drugs by ICE agents against his will. One of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol, which is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses. Doctors say they are required to see patients in person before such drugs are administered. Two immigrants, Raymond Soeoth of Indonesia and Amadou Diouf of Senegal in West Africa, told CNN they were injected with the drugs against their will. Both are plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union against the government. They are seeking an end to the alleged practice and unspecified damages.  Watch why the former detainees claim abuse » . Dr. Paul Appelbaum, a professor of psychiatry, law and ethics at Columbia University, reviewed both men's medical records for this report and was stunned by what he discovered. "I'm really shocked to find out that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications in this way," said Appelbaum, who also serves as a member of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law. "That is the sort of thing that would be subject to a malpractice claim in the civilian world." The allegations of ICE forcibly drugging deportees were raised last month by Sen. Joe Lieberman, I-Connecticut, during the re-nomination hearing of ICE chief Julie Myers. "The information the committee has received from ICE regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling, particularly since it appears ICE may have violated its own detention standards," Lieberman spokeswoman Leslie Phillips told CNN in an e-mail. "Senator Lieberman intends to follow up with ICE to ensure that detainees are not drugged unless there is a medical reason to do so." ACLU attorney Ahilan Arulanantham, who is representing Soeoth and Diouf, said, "It would be torture to give a powerful anti-psychotic drug to somebody who isn't even mentally ill. ... But here, it's happening on U.S. soil to an immigrant the government is trying to deport." Responding to Lieberman's written questions, Myers said 1,073 immigration detainees had "medical escorts" for deportation since 2003. From October last year to the end of April this year, she said 56 received psychotropic medications during the removal process. Of those, 33 detainees received medication "because of combative behavior with the imminent risk of danger to others and/or self," she said. "First, I am aware of, and deeply concerned about reports that past practices may not have conformed to ICE detention standards," Myers said. She added no detainee should be "involuntarily medicated without court order," except in emergency situations. But both Soeoth and Diouf say they had not exhibited any combative behavior. Soeoth, a Christian minister from Indonesia, spent 27 months in detention awaiting deportation after his bid for political asylum was rejected. Hours before he was to be sent back home on December 7, 2004, he says guards injected him with a mystery drug that made him groggy for two days. See the document that shows Soeoth was injected . "They pushed me on the bench, they opened my pants, and they just give me injection," he said through broken English. He says he was taken to Los Angeles International Airport while in this drug-induced stupor, but two hours before takeoff, airline security refused to transport him, so ICE agents returned him to his cell at Terminal Island near Los Angeles. Terminal Island, once a federal prison, is a crowded facility along the ocean where hundreds of illegal immigrants await deportation. Soeoth's medical records indicate he was injected with Cogentin and Haldol, even though those same records show he has no history of mental illness. In the records, the government says he was injected with the drug after he said he would kill himself if deported -- a remark Soeoth denies ever making. ICE said in a written statement it couldn't respond to specific allegations due to pending litigation. "Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel may not and do not prescribe or administer medication to detainees," the ICE statement said. "Only trained and qualified medical professionals, including officers of the U.S. Public Health Service, may prescribe or administer medication." But, Diouf says, he was injected on the plane right before he was to be deported. He said he even had a federal stay of his deportation -- and the paperwork to prove it -- but his U.S. government escorts wouldn't let him show it to the pilot of the plane preparing to fly him out of the country. See Diouf's stay of deportation document . That's when, he says, "I was wrestled to the ground and injected through my clothes." A government report says he was medicated because he did not follow orders. In both cases, Diouf and Soeoth remain in the United States pending a decision in the case. If they lose, they may land back in the hands of ICE, once again facing deportation. Soeoth says he's traumatized by what happened. "I know this country [is] very generous to immigrants," he says. "What they did to me was very, very bad." E-mail to a friend . CNN's Wayne Drash, Traci Tamura and Gregg Cane contributed to this report.

Detainees file suit against ICE, allege they were injected with drugs .
One detainee tells CNN: "What they did to me was very, very bad"
ICE says 1,073 detainees have had "medical escorts" since 2003 .
Sen. Lieberman vows to investigate further; spokesman calls charges "troubling"

LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN)  -- A young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired, the mother's attorney said Tuesday. Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, of Nevada is being sought as a suspect in the videotaped rape of a young girl. The mother did not know her daughter had ever been victimized and was apparently oblivious to efforts to find her until last Friday, Jerry T. Donohue said. "A family friend called her and said, 'My God, you need to turn on the TV. I believe that is your daughter,'" he said. Donohue said the mother recognized the suspect, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, a former animal trainer. The abuse most likely occurred while the mother - a single woman working six days a week - was at work, Donohue said. The attorney said he knows who the baby sitter is, but would not release that information because of the ongoing investigation. Earlier, officials had said the girl, who is now 7, was 3-years-old at the time the video was made. But Donohue said Tuesday, "To my understanding, the abuse occurred before she was 3 years old." The mother of the girl asked that the news media leave the family alone. "I want to ask you, the press, to respect my family's privacy and to not attempt to contact my daughter or myself," the mother said in a written statement read by her attorney.  Watch Donohue read the mother's statement » . The mother also said she is cooperating with investigators and that her daughter "is safe and healthy." The girl's videotaped rape set off a nationwide search last week. She was found Friday with family in Las Vegas, Nevada, after thousands of tips poured in. Professionals have since evaluated her and she appears to be "healthy and fine and happy," the lawyer said. The lawyer said neither he nor the mother has watched the videotape. Asked whether the mother is thankful to the news media for having published the girl's picture so that authorities were able to identify her, Donohue said, "Not really ... there's some things maybe you don't want to know." Still, he said, he hopes the man in the tape is brought to justice. "Speaking as a father myself, I wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth," he said, referring to such an outcome as "Wild-West justice." Meanwhile, the intense manhunt for Stiles continued Tuesday. On Monday, Stiles' former girlfriend, Tina Allen, told CNN she thinks she is the reason Stiles came in contact with the girl and is "mortified" by the allegations against him. Allen said she and Stiles were in an on-again, off-again relationship for 10 years until recently, when she called it off. "He said he'd been in the Navy and, you know, I was looking for a strong guy to represent to my sons what I thought they needed to be," Allen said. Allen said she took Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived. Also living in the apartment were a family friend and her daughter, who allegedly was victimized by Stiles. "I'm disgusted. I'm ashamed, embarrassed, mortified," Allen said of the alleged rape. "I regret every, every step I ever took, I feel bad for the baby." The FBI is also seeking Stiles, a resident of Pahrump, Nevada, in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14. Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas. A man who said he found the tape in the desert and held it for at least five months before handing it over to authorities turned himself in Sunday to Nye County officials. Darren Tuck, a Nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police, faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography. E-mail to a friend .

Mom thinks girl was abused while in the care of a baby sitter, attorney says .
Mother had no idea daughter had been abused, attorney says .
Girl, now 7, shown being raped on videotape made years ago .
Manhunt underway for suspect, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37 .

